# Express Rollup Template

The express-rollup-template is a basic scaffold for a web server project that supports both Server API and client side web app capabilities. The template comes preconfigured with livereload and nodemon for automatically reloading the web app in the browser whenever changes are made to either client side or server side code. Additionally, the project comes preconfigured with Babel, Rollup, and Postcss for the client side app so that ES6 modules can be bundled into a single file.

This project should be used as a starter and can be configured and customized to your liking. The project follows a standard structure detailed below.

## Folder Structure

### /api

The api folder is where all server side routes for ExpressJS should be setup. The template default is to automatically load routes from any module that exports a an Express Router object named `router`. This can be seen in both the /api/index.js and /api/users.js example modules. More information about ExpressJS routing can be found on the [expressjs.com site][1]. Keep in mind, these modules should use the ES6 import / export syntax, not the Common JS (CJS) require / module.exports syntax.

### /app

The app folder contains the client side JS source code with the /app/index.js file being the entrypoint for Rollup. Rollup, by default, will bundle the module, any dependent imports, and it's exports as an immediately invoked function expression (IIFE). This bundle and it's minified version will be output into the /public folder for use by pages created in the /api folder. Additional files can be generated by Rollup by modifying the [rollup.config.js][2] file.

### /public

The public folder contains any static assets (CSS, JS, Images, Fonts, Etc) that are used in the web app. Aditionally, any bundles created by Rollup should be configured to output to this folder as well.


[1]: https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html
[2]: https://rollupjs.org/guide/en/#configuration-files